C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\bin\Debug\ThAVG.exe
C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\bin\Debug\ThAVG.pdb
C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\bin\Debug\ThAVG.xml
C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThAVG.Resources.resources
C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThAVG.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThAVG.exe
C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThAVG.xml
C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThAVG.pdb
C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThAVG.Config.resources
C:\Users\D.zzm\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThAVG.Main.resources
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThAVG.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\DxLibDotNet.dll
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThAVG.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\DxLib.dll
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\DxLib_x64.dll
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\Resources\1.png
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\Resources\2.png
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\Resources\bit01.jpg
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\ThSAG.exe.config
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\ThSAG.exe
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\ThSAG.pdb
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\ThSAG.xml
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThSAG.Main.resources
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThSAG.Resources.resources
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThSAG.exe
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThSAG.xml
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\obj\Debug\ThSAG.pdb
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\TestScript1.txt
d:\Users\D.zzm\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ThAVG\ThAVG\bin\Debug\TestScript2.txt
